README.md, before:

# merged-prs

merged-prs is a go tool to assist in determining differences between git hashes
based upon the GitHub PR as the vehicle for change.

## Requirements

* Go 1.12 (lower may work)
* Dep
* Git
* GitHub
* Slack (optional)

## Features

* Built in Go
* Given a set of git hashes, a list of merged GitHub Pull Requests will be
  retrieved and parsed.
* List will be output to console containing the PR #, Author, Summary, and a
  link to the PR
* If Slack credentials are configured, a notification will be sent to the
  channel of your choosing (from config, or override)

## Configuration

A `.merged-prs` configuration file must be created in your `$HOME` directory.
This configuration uses [HashiCorp's HCLSyntax](https://github.com/hashicorp/hcl#syntax).
Using the example configuration below create a file in `~/.merged-prs`

*Example Config*

```
// GitHub Personal Access Token && Org/Username required for use.
GitHub {
    Token = "foo"
    Org   = "promiseofcake"
}

// Optional config for Slack notifications
Slack {
    WebhookURL = "https://hooks.slack.com/services/foo/bar/baz"
    Channel    = "@lucas"
    Emoji      = ":shipit:"
}

```

## Installation

In order to use the `merged-prs` tool one should use `go get`

```bash
go get github.com/promiseofcake/merged-prs
```

## Usage

Calling the `merged-prs` tool will act in the current directory's context.

### Flags

```bash
# Runtime Flags
  -path       <Specify path to repo in order to use outside the context of a repo>
  -dev=false  <Ignore the git-flow dev branch paradigm (loose comparison "...")>
  -test       <Do not notify Slack, only output to console>
  -c          <Override default slack notification channel>
```

### Example

```bash
# merged-prs [-test] [-c @lucas] [-dev=false] [-path /path/to/repo] [Previous Git Hash] [Current Git Hash]
# User should specify the older revision first ie. merging `dev` into `master` would necessitate that `master` is the older commit, and `dev` is the newer

$ merged-prs master dev
Determining merged branches between the following hashes: master dev

REPO: Merged GitHub PRs between the following refs: master dev
PR   Author    Description              URL
#55  @lucas    Typo 100 vs 1000         http://github.com/promiseofcake/foo/pull/55
#54  @lucas    LRU Cache Store Results  http://github.com/promiseofcake/foo/pull/54
```

Commit message:

Various changes
- Switch to Go Modules
- Remove Slack integration
- User `GITHUB_TOKEN` and `GITHUB_OWNER` environment variables for config

README.md, after:

# merged-prs

merged-prs is a go tool to assist in determining differences between git hashes
based upon the GitHub PR as the vehicle for change.

## Requirements

* Go 1.16 (lower may work)
* Dep
* Git
* GitHub

## Features

* Built in Go
* Given a set of git hashes, a list of merged GitHub Pull Requests will be
  retrieved and parsed.
* List will be output to console containing the PR #, Author, Summary, and a
  link to the PR

## Configuration

Use environment variables `GITHUB_TOKEN` and `GITHUB_OWNER` to respectively specify the
[Personal access token](https://github.com/settings/tokens) and Github owner.


## Installation

In order to use the `merged-prs` tool one should use `go get`

```bash
go get github.com/brianmhunt/merged-prs
```

## Usage

Calling the `merged-prs` tool will act in the current directory's context.

### Flags

```bash
# Runtime Flags
  -path       <Specify path to repo in order to use outside the context of a repo>
  -dev=false  <Ignore the git-flow dev branch paradigm (loose comparison "...")>
```

### Example

```bash
# merged-prs [-test] [-c @lucas] [-dev=false] [-path /path/to/repo] [Previous Git Hash] [Current Git Hash]
# User should specify the older revision first ie. merging `dev` into `master` would necessitate that `master` is the older commit, and `dev` is the newer

$ merged-prs master dev
Determining merged branches between the following hashes: master dev

REPO: Merged GitHub PRs between the following refs: master dev
PR   Author    Description              URL
#55  @lucas    Typo 100 vs 1000         http://github.com/promiseofcake/foo/pull/55
#54  @lucas    LRU Cache Store Results  http://github.com/promiseofcake/foo/pull/54
```

## History

2021-06-17 
- Forked from [promiseofcake/merged-prs](http://github.com/promiseofcake/merged-prs)
- Switch to Go Modules
- Remove Slack integration
- User `GITHUB_TOKEN` and `GITHUB_OWNER` environment variables for config
